# cProjects

Currently there are two different projects. One is TelTextParser, the other is binarySearchTree.

## Introduction of TelTextParser

### What it is used for?

It has three different telToImage, imageToTel and testing.

telToImage is used to parse the [Teletext](http://www.bbcbasic.co.uk/tccgen/manual/tcgen2.html) code to image like [this](http://teletext.mb21.co.uk/gallery/ceefax/main1.shtml).

imageToTel is used to read an image like [this](http://teletext.mb21.co.uk/gallery/ceefax/main1.shtml) to Teletext.

test is used to test my code.

### How to used it?

Every folder has a makefile, you can use it to compile and run.

### Features of TelTexParser

For telToImage, this software is based on the concept "finite state machine". I assume that each instruction in Teletext will
not influence previous instructions' result. As a result, I take the code as FSM.  There are some test instructions like lfc.m7，
panda.m7. You could run code to test them.

For imageToTel, actually this is an image recognition software. It is a very diffcult one.

There are 3 steps to do the recognition.

First, cutting the image to unit image(This small image is generated by each instruction).

Second, calculating the index or hash_value of each unit image.

Finally, comparing this index with each instruction's index(which is already calculated) and get the index. 


## Introduction of binarySearchTree

### What it is used for?
This one is used to show how to make a binary search tree and some applications of the binary search tree.

### How to used it?
You can compile bst, spl.c. In the furtherDevelop folder, you can use the make file to compile it.

### Features of binarySearchTree

#### Features of Basic part (bst.c)

Firstly, a binary search tree(BST) has been built.

Secondly, it support some basic methods.

For example: The calculation of the depth of the tree; simple BST display (root(left subtree)(right subtree)); Inorder traversal and Simple reblancing.

#### Features of further develop part 

In the furtherDevelop folder, their are totally three different programs.

The first one is prettier print. It is used to print the tree which could really show the structure of the tree.

The second one is hash. It is used to show that hash table is muck quicker than BST(O(1) VS O(log(N)), but hash table needs more memory.

The last one is about threaded binary tree which could save the memory.




